Added system setup instructions + fixed bug in bug.py:info (#29)
gitbugactions/gitbug-java: README.md

## Setup GitBug-Java

Requirements:
- Python (Recommended 3.11)
- Poetry (Recommended 1.8 and higher)
- Docker (v20 or higher)

> - If you are on Ubuntu/Debian, choose a system with GLIBC 2.32 or 2.34 as some of the dependencies require these versions(A docker image wouldn't be suitable as it would require DinD). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are on Ubuntu/Debian, choose a system with GLIBC 2.32 or 2.34 as some of the dependencies require these versions (A docker image wouldn't be suitable as it would require DinD). 
```

> - If you are on Ubuntu/Debian, choose a system with GLIBC 2.32 or 2.34 as some of the dependencies require these versions (A docker image wouldn't be suitable as it would require DinD). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are on Ubuntu/Debian, choose a system with GLIBC 2.32 or 2.34 as some of the dependencies require these versions (A docker image would not be suitable as it would require DinD). 
```

  For example you can create a virtual machine of ubuntu 21.10 (glibc 2.32). Here is a quick setup of an ubuntu VM:
  - Install multipass (allows to quickly create ubuntu VMs and works on Linux/Mac/Windows). Follow instructions here: https://multipass.run/docs/install-multipass.
  - create an ubuntu image (e.g, 280G in disk space, 16G in memory and 2 cpus): 
    ```bash
    multipass launch 21.10 --disk 280G --memory 16G --cpus 2
    ```
  - login the newly created VM
    ```bash
    multipass shell VM-NAME-PRINTED-LAST-STEP
    ```

>   - install docker within the image and the user to the docker group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - install docker within the image and add the user to the docker group
```

> Once the above requirements are satisfied within your system or the created VM machine, clone this repository and execute the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the above requirements are satisfied within your system or the VM machine is created, clone this repository and execute the following steps:
```

1. Setup Python environment
    ```bash
    poetry shell
    poetry install --no-root
    ```

>     **Note:** Poetry shell will attempt to create a new virtual environement. 
>     However, if you are already inside a virtual environement, poetry will use the that environement.
>     In such case, the subsequent commands would only work with a Python3.11 environement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note:** Poetry shell will attempt to create a new virtual environment. 
    However, if you are already inside a virtual environment, poetry will use the that environment.
    In such case, the subsequent commands would only work with a Python3.11 environment.
```

2. Add GitBug-Java and custom Act version to path
    ```bash
    export PATH="$(pwd):$(pwd)/bin:$PATH"
    ```
    **Note:** The above command needs to be executed on every new shell instance
    

> 3. Run Setup (Installs Docker Image ~50GiB, downloads required dependencies ~80GiB).The downloadable data size is around 130GB. However, after unzipping files, the space taken would go up to 240GB (it will go down after deleting zipped files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run Setup (Installs Docker Image ~50GiB, downloads required dependencies ~80GiB). The downloadable data size is around 130GB. However, after unzipping files, the space taken goes up to 240GB (it goes down after deleting the zipped files).
```
